In exercise 6, we have our exact
same drag-drop machine that we made.
But, let's say that we have a very
special drag and drop application.
It's a software as a service, and
we only want people to be able to
drag a maximum of five times or so.
What I want you to do is I want you
to keep track of how many times
it was dragged.
And we want to disable this dragging
once it reaches more than five.
So in the JavaScript,
we have our exact same code as before.
But now, when we're in the idle state,
we want to add a condition
to this transition which makes
it a guarded transition,
in order to disallow it from happening
once we have five or more drags.
And in order to keep track of the drags,
we could do that whenever we
enter the state,
increment the drag counts by using a sign.